Update docs for azd (#33277)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> > __Note:__ `AzureDeveloperCliCredential` is in beta and its name may change before GA release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> __Note:__ `AzureDeveloperCliCredential` is in beta and its name may change before the stable release.
```
